As opposed to my other comprehension scores, these are given based on the first 15 minutes of the pieces of content, instead of the 30 minutes that could start from anywhere.
To write this I had to expose myself to 7 and a half hours of Spanish over the course of 4 days. 


When reading, I can follow most everything that I come across, though the range of my comprehension can vary widely.

The easiest is when the story is accompanied by visuals. The following pieces of content are the first ones that appeared in the 'populares' tab of a site dedicated 
to Aisan comic books translated to Spanish: 
The Death Mage that doesn’t want a fourth time: 47
Shinjiteita Nakama Tachi Ni Dungeon Okuchi De Korosare Kaketa ga Gift...(The full title is too long): 47
Me Convertí En La Esposa De MI Protagonista Masculino: 46

Technical texts are also surprisingly easy. I chose 3 branches that are pertinent to my interests and within each of these I selected a topic that I hadn't studied before,
but plan to: differential geometry from mathematics, the Python programing language from computer programing and thermodynamics from physics, so I Googled for
'geometria diferencial pdf,' 'python pdf español' and 'termodinamica pdf español' respectively and clicked the first pdf that came up. I skipped forewords and such.
INTRODUCCION A LA GEOMETRÍA DIFERENCIAL - Luis Javier HERNANDEZ PARICIO: 48
Aprenda a Pensar Como un Programador con Python: 47
Termodinámica - Y. A Çengel, M. A. Boles: 44

Fiction is a lot harder. It is often the case that my comprehension is fairly low, but even then I usually understand enough to be able to follow the story. The following three books
are the 3 bestsellers of 2021 according to planetadelibros.com which is was the first list that came up on Google after I searched 'libros más vendidos 2021'
La Bestia - Carmen Mola: 33
Últimos días en Berlín - Paloma Sánchez-Garnica: 37
La cuenta atras para el verano - La Vecina Rubia: 38
The next book was chosen because it has reputation of being a hard one, though I've already read the first half of the first chapter, so I continued from there.
Cien años de soledad - Gabriel García Márquez: 33
The four books above were originally written in Spanish but translated works are usually easier, even the next one which I picked because I thought it would be difficult,
resulted relatively easy. (I had already read it's first 2 chapters so I started rating from chapter 3)
The Count of Monte Cristo: 39







My listening is undoubtedly worse, I can follow most things but the things that I can't are definitely not rare. 
I have problems with understanding different accents, with slang and with low clarity audio. Also, I find that my comprehension drops 
significantly when using speakers instead of headphones, so I must note that the following scores were given using speakers.

The easiest type of audiovisual content is perhaps Youtube videos. To select 'random' videos I used an account with empty history, I chose 3 topics: science travel
and videogames and searched for 'datos cientificos curiosos,' 'vlog de viaje' and'datos curiosos de videojuegos' to get results about these topics. The following
videos were the first results from channels I wasn't familiar with. 
(10 Datos Científicos que no podrás creer)[https://youtu.be/JOF2CGOK08g]: 39 
(VLOG un día de viaje *en la Ciudad de México* Comida y turismo)[https://youtu.be/6F5jiKYMl2c]: 40 
(50 CURIOSIDADES de los VIDEOJUEGOS)[https://youtu.be/MFXkk9ygkzk]: 36
Though in some cases when people's speech has a relatively low volume and clarity compared to others, as in some interviews for example, I may not be able to follow
what they are saying as in the following video:
(Este Jugador Tiene Un Survival Que No Podrás Creer!)[https://youtu.be/Itwh5d8IhKU]: 29

When it comes to movies and TV series there is something about the audio that makes it a lot less clear, though I don't know what it is. This problem is a lot less
significant with dubbed content and I can follow almost all of them for this reason, even if it's at a low level of comprehension. The following shows were the
first ones to come up on a newly made Netflix Mexico profile that were both dubbed and new to me.
The Crown: 35
You: 41
Suits: 34

Original Spanish TV shows are even harder.  I googled 'best telenovelas on netflix' and selected the first three that I hadn't seen yet.
Hache: 35
Ingobernable: 38
La Reina del Flow: 24
I am most familiar with European and Mexican Spanish and other accents can completely throw me off, as it is shown by the above series. They were made
in Spain, Mexico and Colombia respectively.

Audio only content can be very hard and I often can't follow them. I googled 'mejores podcasts' and tried the top 3 from the first list that came up:
Deforme Semanal Ideal Total - Furia: 28
Guerra 3 - E01 La noche siria: 27
Solaris - E18 Algoritmos creativos: 42








My speaking is even worse. I think I can definitely communicate to some extent, but speaking takes great mental effort on my part, my delivery is not very
fluid and I make tons of mistakes both in terms of pronunciation and grammar. Mistakes that even I notice immediately after I say them. 

I intended to make two recordings. The first is my attempt to explain Einstein's derivations of the Lorentz transformations 
which I learned about in Spanish. The problem is that I didn't prepare nearly enough, I did take some notes, which you can see at the end of the video, 
but I almost only wrote down equations and I had some gaps in the logic which made the recording pretty bad, I even had to stop the recording to quickly
check one detail in Einsten's paper. You can watch the recording here: https://youtu.be/vMumkKBTmHM

For the second recording I intended to join a Minecraft server with an active Discord so I did but as soon as I joined I was flooded by explanations in the server
about how it works so I just said hi an than sat there reading the rules silently for 5 minutes. After that I discovered that joining a group of 4 teenagers who
are joking around is something that is completely out of my reach, so I gave up on this recording.